1) What is the difference between var , let, and const?
=> 
a/ var: This is the old way. It's function-scoped and can be redeclared. That causes issues, so it's not really used anymore.

b/ let: This is the new way for variables that can be reassigned. It's block-scoped and can be reassigned.

c/ const: This is the new method for variables that won't be changing. It can only be used within a block and cannot be reloaded with another value once its initial value has been set.



2) What is the difference between map(), forEach(), and filter()? 
=>a/ forEach()
Purpose: It does something to each element in an array. It's used for side effects, like writing to the console or updating a database.

Returns: It returns undefined.

b/ map()
Purpose: It maps each element in the original array back into a new array.

Returns: A new array of the same length with each value generated by invoking the callback function. The original array is not changed.

c/ filter()
Purpose: It returns a new array with only those elements that pass a specified test.

Returns: A new array with a subset of the original elements. The original array is not changed.



3) What are arrow functions in ES6?
 =>
Arrow functions is a concise, compact new way to write functions in JavaScript (ES6). They offer an alternative for standard function expressions.

Arrow functions allow you to declare functions using fewer keywords.

Standard Function: function add(a, b) { return a + b; }

Arrow Function: const add = (a, b) => a + b




4) How does destructuring assignment work in ES6?
=> 
ES6 destructuring assignment unwraps array/ object values into distinct variables. It makes the code shorter and more readable. For example, const [a, b] = [1, 2]; or const {x, y} = {x: 10, y: 20};

Point:
a/ ES6 feature to unwrap arrays/objects into variables
b/ Makes code simple and readable.  

Example:  
in Js:  
const [a, b] = [1, 2];  
const {x, y} = {x: 10, y: 20};  



5) Explain template literals in ES6. How are they different from string concatenation?
=>
Template literals in ES6 employ backticks (`) and ${ } to place variables or expressions. They are cleaner and simpler than string concatenation and support multi-line strings as well.


